When you believe in creation, what challenges might you face?
My favorite subject was science,
because I learned facts about how things are connected.
I thought that was really exciting,
seeing how the physical world works.
But then you come to a topic like evolution,
and you immediately know that there's something here
that's not quite right.
In 5th grade, when I was around 12,
we had science, my worst subject.
The teacher was fully convinced that we descended from apes
and that the evolution theory is the truth.
You realize that you're probably the only one in that room thinking
this is not true.
Then you might start questioning yourself.
Is the teacher wrong?
Or have I maybe believed something wrong my whole life?
It's a little challenging being alone in such a situation.
What helped you to build your faith in a creator?
I spent a lot of time on the bus,
two in from school, reading JW.org,
and the five questions brochure,
actually, to make up my mind on what I believe in.
I did a lot of research when I got home that evening,
and my parents helped me search on our website.
And what helped me the most was the video,
what your peers say, belief in God.
I remember one small scene that stuck with me.
It was a glass bottle that was pulled up from the sand.
Yes, it's made of the same material,
but it definitely didn't form by itself.
There has to be someone that turns it into a glass bottle.
And I found that very logical.
It really convinced me that there is a creator.
I remember there are three things necessary for life.
I learned it was RNA, DNA, and proteins.
If they were to exist at the same place,
and at the same time, that would be very rare.
And on top of that, it would be as if those three things
then should team up and say,
we would like to create life.
A cell that in turn would become an animal,
a person, or many other things.
This made me realize that believing this
would require even more faith
than believing that there is a God who has created everything.
So, I sent a text message to my teacher
with my viewpoints about me believing in a creator
and added a link to the video.
He then asked if it was okay if I showed the video to the class.
And I said, of course,
I watched the video so many times
that I knew all who lines by heart
and knew exactly which scene came one and where.
So that if someone in the class had any questions,
I would know the answer.
The last five minutes, I got to appear in front of the class,
explained a little about Jehovah's Witnesses
and that we believe in a creator,
and said I had a video that convinced me of that.
And when I was about to press start,
the bell rang for a break.
But everyone stayed in the classroom to watch the video.
I thought that was really fun.
How does having faith in a loving creator help you?
It makes everything more meaningful.
You're not thinking, here I am,
I'll just live the way I do till I die.
And that's it.
You believe that there is a purpose to life
and it also opens the possibility of a hope for the future.
Around us, there are so many people
who have different views and theories
and that can have a big impact on us.
So if you don't have a strong faith,
then someone can pick away at your faith
and try to break it down.
Yes, I am very grateful
that my parents taught me about creation.
So I always knew that there is a loving father out there
who has created all the beautiful things for us.
You can just go out into nature.
The sun is shining.
Look at all the beautiful colors and autumn.
It's so nice.
And all we can do is really just be grateful.
Now I am 100% convinced that creation,
it is a fact.
That's how it must have begun.